The codebase should run normally straight out of the Makefile.

For the relational database schema, I divided the CSV data into two tables: one for the unchanging characteristics of subjects, and one for the changing sample-wise data.
Condition (being the ailment), age, sex, treatment medicine, the sample_type of cell, and the project are all inherent in the subject. Thus, those were all compiled into the subjects table, whereas the sample number, time from treatment start, and population counts in said sample are all sample-specific, so they were put in a samples table. The tables are linked via their subjects. 

Some relationships were unclear between headers of the csv. I assume that the response is sample-specific in that a sample could vary in if it's responding from one time_from_treatment_start to another, so I put response in the samples table. However, if it is subject-specific, I would put it in the subjects table. Likewise, it's unclear if the treatment is project specific. If so, I could create another table to store it. It would increase the complexity of join-filter functions, but data duplicity would be further reduced and decrease the chance for error, so we would go with another table.

Overall, this schema greatly reduces the data-duplicity where subject data is repeated in each sample. Now, we have a one-to-many relationship between subjects and samples and should thus help at scale. However, should we have the bulk of our operations performing on a single measured population instead of all five, then we might also want to normalize said measurements for quicker lookups. However, if we do frequently operate across populations, then we would want to keep the table as is, for otherwise, wide table analytics would suffer because we'd have many more joins.

As towards my code structure, I split it filewise for each part to maintain a simple organization scheme. Within each file, the code was originally geared towards explicitly calculating whatever was asked for said part. However, with the creation of a dashboard, those files became more modularized such that we could make the dashboard more interative via pickers. There was already some inherent modularization for readability, but with the modularization, the dashboard became much easier to craft. I'll note that I saved the dataset from part 4 because it was the only table we would produce in the dashboard. However, should I want to improve the dashboard by allowing pickers there too, I would modularize the code querying the database tables and produce the result live.